these are the ones who are supposed to
help others but these Medics are now
some of the latest victims of Israel's
war on
Gaza after a night of heavy bombardment
the injured were brought to the al-shifa
hospital by any means
available some of their colleagues
unable to hold back their
tears the situation is catastrophic for
the last seven days we have a continuous
flow of severely wounded patient the
hospital beds were expanded many times
though it's fully backed now in the last
hour if I'm talking about the last hour
we received around 60 severely wounded
patient means one patient per minute
across Gaza the number of dead and
injured is
rising inside the house we found bodies
bodies of children who had nothing to do
with the war they were safe in their
houses nothing seems untouched even
donkeys are not spared in this densely
populated strip of land and there is
nowhere for Palestinians to go some
continue to gather at the rougher
Crossing with Egypt desperate for a way
out but those who are waiting can only
pray diplomatic efforts are underway to
get Aid into Gaza where essential
supplies and services are being denied
water is scarce and these men say they
are taking Desperate
Measures now we're filling in salt water
and ready to drink from the salt water
what else can we do forced to do this
and thank God the attacks are unending
and now they wait for the next wave but
parts of the strip are already nothing
more than smoldering Rubble Assad bag Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer